### Todo:
- [x] Beach
	- [x] Don't stress. Have fun with Drayson!
		**You deserve it!**
#### Agenda
- Beach 1-6 with [[Drayson]]
###### *Daily*
- **Mon**
- **Tue**
	- ==Work== 4-C
- **Wed**
- **Thu**
	- ==Work== 4-C
- **Fri**
- *Sat*
	- ==Work== 15:00-C
- *Sun*
	- ==Work== 10:00-16:00

##### dog sit
Good Morning Noah! 
I am  sorry that I am just now messaging you details about dog sitting. 
So, you pretty much know what to do, you have done it before. 
We are leaving early in the morning this Saturday, so if you could get here sometime around 10am to let them out and feed them the rest of their food, the bowls will be in the top dog food bin by the microwave. 
They will need fed 2 times a day. 
7am and 4pm. 1/2 scoop of each kind of dog food. (Top and bottom bin)
If you work early, you can feed them half and then half when you get home. 
If you could take them out every couple of hours to play, they haven't done much, we have had a lot going on because of funeral services, etc. 

I am taking Aengus to the vet, he has an ear infection, you may have to give him Prednisone if it's 
prescribed. I will let you know. 
Little Kitty gets fed in the morning when you get up and before you go to bed at night. Her food is in the computer stand in the foyer. 
Litter boxes need cleaned every other day, one in the upstairs bathroom and downstairs in the foyer. 
Hannah's cat will also be here, she will give you instructions on care for him. 
I also need you to keep an eye on the 
flowers in my front yard. Watering them if the soil looks dry and if it
 hasn't rained. Watering cans are by the hose. 
You can eat any food that we have in the house. 
Is there anything particular that you want/like to eat? 
We will be home sometime in the afternoon on Saturday, June 14th. 
Thank you for watching our animals! 
Love you! 💗 

Hey Noah here is Smit’s routine. 

-Give him a full portion of wet food in the morning. It will be half of the connected piece. You just have to break the food divider in half (easier to see when it’s in front of u than describe lol)

-He gets enough dry food to cover the bottom of his bowl at night (6-8pm ish)

-he’s not really picky about his litter box, but every few days I’ll clean it 


He usually sleeps locked into whatever room you’re in. He usually harasses little kitty so we try to keep him separated. His toys and treats are in a bag by the door. 

Thanks!!

---
#weekly