#Daily
>*The past is already gone, the future is not yet here. There's only one moment for you to live, the present.*
>***Think often, act well.***
### Events:

### Agenda:
1. School
2. Home
3. Draysons
### To-do:
- [.] **School**
	- [-] AP Gov
		- [-] Catch-up with missing [[4 Other/4 v'lt archive/School/Todo#^b03cf7|work]]
	- [x] English
		- [x] [[9  OMM reader nb.pdf|OMM readers notebook]]
### Misc'
- Dad ~~works~~ today.
	**05:03 PM** | Dad does *==not==* work today.
### Journal:
**07:13** | Running late 😁😬
**09:54 AM** | Just added `conky` to my wallpaper. Now I  can actually look at my battery level and shit without needed to code the Apollo mission... Plus I added my quote to it!
**10:57** | Just got out of math. Alls good. Going to see drayson today. 🔐β 💡2 I down💡aVWSbcGhPmClZAUC6aPVEY7gae7MRCd90laUgpq1kOs9qwRJOzo7FEYyJjDgp1RV55Gt4i1K+ctVOCuH/Jr4a5X/B7djtlsAIFI9XKv+ryaZ+ih+1jaoFVIDzGyr9Iib9FNJ/EYvJ9FAVtiWeCpc9Pd0r0q9eihLM1OSYAEd/cuS+QtXT93apisfhTtTprTUrQ7hObJUtMD6M1+yHKmzYJm5cC0LhqMKxnZFxSu1ApwdIRp3XcNj8IQiDHK1bIv5KZXnP0IuJy8Bhl32BtQVQ99bGPfo+SjJWRuxPZnWFia7Z8SW3nwiDQENs7rkvht/CwvJmgE8zFyYcaNapA== 🔐 Also this week, I've been doing good with money and spending. Like I have enough for the two weeks, and I wasn't pulling money from my savings account. The only thing honestly I need to work on is making sure I actually track my spending. I think the act of manually typing them in is good for me, keeping me aware of my spending. But that's also creates just enough friction for me to sometimes forget it. I'm always super good at tracking then I'm like the first 5 days.

---
[[4 Other/4 v'lt archive/School/Todo|School To-do]] | [[2025|Yearly note]]