#Daily
>*The past is already gone, the future is not yet here. There's only one moment for you to live, the present.*
>***Think often, act well.***
### Events:
- ==Payday==
### Agenda:
1. Draysons
2. Work
### To-do:
- [x] Create new budget
	- [x] Laptop? 
- [x] work schedule for next week
	Wasn't done
### Misc':

### Journal:
Went good today. I trained [[Paige]]. Went good. Not busy at all. I also went and saw [[Drayson]] today. It went good, but, I can definitely feel that I haven't taken my meds in a few days. I'm just getting that like hazy, dissociative feeling around him. But, I do enjoy going there. TBH i'd rather go there and be depressed than stay home and be okay. I genuinely just like being with him. We had sex, that was alright. We had to use coconut oil as lube. (Not the best, but it worked alright). During sex, I fucked up my left hip someway, it hurts to walk on. 

Also, more recently, I've made a pretty big change to my life. So far, to this date, I have been planning my life around the assumption that I'm going to be going to Geisinger Nursing school. But I've been thinking about it, and Drayson has definitely helped me realize this, but IDK if that is something that I'm going to enjoy doing for the rest of my life. I mean sure, this is always an option. (Mom said it is "never too late to start") But I think that I would love ethical hacking, or something in the tech field. Not saying right now that I'm sold on Ethical Hacking. Just something in the tech field. Before I said "i don't think that is something I would enjoy doing every day for work", but I do it every day (and enjoy it) regardless with my laptop. I run Linux as a daily driver, I enjoy when I get to fuck around with it. 

**22:40** | Night!

---
[[2025|Yearly note]]