#Daily
>*The past is already gone, the future is not yet here. There's only one moment for you to live, the present.*
>***Think often, act well.***
### Events:

### Agenda:
1. Danas
2. Draysons
	1. Thousand Steps
3. Danas
### To-do:
- [-] Pack for camis
- [-] sign out of the YouTube
- [-] sign out of Spotify
- [x] Shopping ^a5
	- [x] Temptations
	- [x] *Hannahs Food*
		(Parina +One Sensitive skin and stomach)
### Misc':

### Journal:
**23:35** | I went to [[Drayson]]'s place today. This time I was able to tell him about how I dislike vulnerability, and needing help. We were able to talk about it, and I feel better in the relationship. Drayson is doing so much good in my life. With him, i'm already growing *so* much!
**23:38** | This is also the last night I am going to be staying at [[Aunt Dana]]'s. There has been so much shit that has happened that I haven't  even explained. Well, it all started when I went to "work" (pretty sure I was with drayson. Lol) then came back to see that they had eaten The zip lock bag of cat food, the treats. Then, as I spent time away from them, i would come back and find that they had eaten something else. Bitch, they were eating sour patch kids. I don't even know where they could have gotten them from. I seriously looked around the entire downstairs looking for where they might have come from. No idea. Then, another time, I came back from pages (I think this was yesterday?) and there was (what im thinking was just super watery vomit). So, that was fun to clean up :) But, now its 23:49 and I should probbaly head to bed. Im going to finish up some things here then im going off to bed! Tmrw I'm going to try and be gone before they come back from the beach... (wish me luck bro) 

---
[[2025|Yearly note]]