#Daily
>*The past is already gone, the future is not yet here. There's only one moment for you to live, the present.*
>***Think often, act well.***
### Events:

### Agenda:
1. Home
2. Draysons
3. Home
### To-do:
- [-] Break up with [[Drayson]]
	🔐β 💡DFN💡ZMK3rs98zKQ5vLnuOTxpyTCYfOWuxpUBJcKSC1Ed1ALIfkzZ8R13loKKjca4Sxgr5sTtKg8jDdll4mm8SaNp8f0xddzlW0qO5Ds8vqjZTB2e15JHcez2hXHMRqS9zGi09Qu8VvC6hfDG5/KwV14mgALAdZawhb+J8O+LVPrQPr22HKwj8OUCf/INnAmDZSQVPF01cr/ZwkNQVZs7Yx2YKIM+9juZ12qeZF4m/M4x2gfhdZXD5AMtMivi3/U2X6hAVYgm1COJiXKmMNzZI0Kh9gihvSvIsfF56GWQuzkxGimd5fNKRmIg+AXcAgsZADg7C09Z5PhE2mC0lI6XtswCwwcNgnsbd2MAPcA7ab4LPPbLGgjBjQuv2j865xbf0mQjz1nDOKLhdPTg6rHbAyYHxe09wni+F992TK17KX18+tmOKmMgYrYkSYjwHiDP5fqGYiZ+ooIdJN87BE0UsX6UMppBtdVq67PsctxKlV+YOiLeInJUhPMvrGrG2NV2exUN0aU13uNDua41p2n6cDfpmno5Z5r4SYFcLKHBhiAO1wMLbQ7Lbrd6WOfG3d+ca2E9cKUcb9+9ZDS/6taToHenDljpIQokTULm2RiuEKfPlOOjSHsLVXWPRqj7PCq8amvj7rt4EMAXkztneIuEMLCU+ssJ1ZPFCfHJGI+ckB68+iZGwu8ysVX+nZx73lIiqh/4Q5zqZgjxXAUQOlN20PvzimFvg6MGei3NIVnKSTaju9AWqipOjTcxzWmq/ZQp 🔐
	This was moved to [[07-10, Th '25|tmrw]] 
### Misc':

### Journal:
**22:17** | Okay, so, today has been alright. Still not taking my lithium, i honestly don't even know where it is right now. Probably something I could look for tonight I guess. Also, tmrw i **am** planning on breaking up with him. Before work too, so, we'll see how the emotions are flowing at work. But, i'll be working with [[Cassandra]], so i'll get my evening to talk to her about it. I'm also just kind of like whatever about it. Like, i've already made my mind up about it. Now I just need to rip the bandaid off.

I've also been grossing myself out a little bit. Like, I just shaved off what was the longest my facial hair ever was. Not a fan. Plus i'm smoking cigs again (wtf, ig they're just my "low go to"), and i have the bad breath from them.

**22:26** | Also just now realizing it *is* 1/2 way done with the year. So what the FUCK is this shit?!

---
[[2025|Yearly note]]