#Daily
>*The past is already gone, the future is not yet here. There's only one moment for you to live, the present.*
>***Think often, act well.***
### Events:
- 4th of July!
	Camis party at 12:00
### Agenda:
1. Work
	==11-15ish==
2. ~~4th july with my family~~
3. 4th just with Cami
### To-do:
- [ ] Paycheck
	- [ ] Move money over to [[Savings]]
	- [ ] Make new budget.
		Please actually do it. And stick to it.
	- [ ] [[ZIP]] d8gas
		Pay off next installment
### Misc':

### Journal:
**01:32** | Good morning lmao. I took both of the thousand mg edibles. They were okay, kind of mid. But I'm definitely feeling it now. And I haven't really taken any more hits of my pen now so, I don't really know. By the way I love the dictation on this, cuz like really right now I'm just whispering and it's picking up every word I'm saying. I'm really kind of astonished honestly. I'll have to admit that I actually do use text to speech a lot on my phone. It just works really nice. I guess it doesn't really matter because I have a 55 words per minute typing speech on my laptop. So really whatever. I don't even know why I'm doing this, right now. I'm just so high. I want to end up with reason but I don't know how. I need to find his fucking call for shorts that he gave me. This bitch, the day I wanted to go up and fucking actually break up with him. He says about my shoes "oh hey those look like the ones I gave you", and instantly I'm almost a dearest. I tell him I need to go back to the bathroom and I go there and silently cry into a towel. Whatever, Good night / Good morning.
**09:50** | fucking hate myself, I got so high from last night, 2025mg. Still high...

---
[[2025|Yearly note]]