#Daily
>*The past is already gone, the future is not yet here. There's only one moment for you to live, the present.*
>***Think often, act well.***
### Events:

### Agenda:
1. Home
2. *~~Skating~~*
3. Draysons
### To-do:
###### Easy
- [x] Make bed
- [-] *Tidy*
###### Focus
- [-] Money transfer
	- [x] get cash from kish
		They close at 1600
	- [-] stop at CVS oyw up to [[Aspen - STCL|Draysons place]]
- [x] Appt with Kenington
	- [x] Open website
	- [x] find email
	- [x] email
		Hi it's Noah. Wondering what a day is to come in? Smt like that
	- [x] **proactively** check your email!
	- [x] *schedule* the appt!
- [ ] Registration renewal
	- [x] look up registration renewal
	- [ ] Find title number!
		**Here:** 66476677303 KA
		**Licence:** MDZ 2531
	- [ ] follow steps
- [x] License
	- [x] check with mom.
		Did it go through? Do I have a license coming?

###### Creative
- [ ] *Make obsidian pretty*
### Misc':
$330 to pull from 
### Journal:
**00:44** | Good morning, it is very early. Very very early. But I'm going to try out a new to do thing, / setup. Hopefully it helps with my executive dysfunction. That I guess I have... I was talking to chatgpt about how I approach a lot of my tasks. And it said that sounds like executive dysfunction. And I tried to tell you about how I do have motivation for other things like my hobbies and stuff. But I also knew that the stuff that I needed to do. Like scheduling my appointment with kennington, or going online to schedule my registration renewal for my car. Kind of just like low emotional tasks, I think that's how chatgpt described it. So we'll see. If I do like this I'll change the [[dailyTemp|template]].

**14:20** | Just woke up. Actually just got out of the shower. But I'm getting ready now taking my first hits of my pen. I'm pretty sure I'm gaining weight. So I need to weigh myself at Drason's today.

---
[[2025|Yearly note]]