#Daily
>*The past is already gone, the future is not yet here. There's only one moment for you to live, the present.*
>***Think often, act well.***
### Events:

### Agenda:
1. Draysons
2. Nanas
	Cleaning pool. Pool "broom" is on the inside of the basement door. Just the bottom and sides of the pool.
3. Skating!
	19:00-21:45 then dance till 22:00
4. Home
### To-do:
- [x] Check school email
### Misc':

### Journal:
**02:20** | So good morning! Right now i am at Draysons house right now. The idea of breaking up with him now is just so unpleasant. Like, he knows me. Regardless of everything, *he knows **me***. And I know him. It is also making me think about how before I was pleased with the idea of just getting a guy (that looked good. What younger me said) and dealing with him and his imperfections. I really do take an aesthetic outlook on relationships i'm finding out. Also, noting back before in like 2020 when my mental health 'issues' kind of blew up. And, you know what. Tulpas. God. I fucked up. They are definitely real, I do not forget about them. They take up \[what feels like] a space in my brain. And, from an ethics standpoint, i did something very bad and wrong. I "brought into" this world a number of minds and personalities that are hidden in dormancy. Maybe, incorporating them into this space. Maybe just adding a folder under my m. health mgt folder.

**02:55** | I dont even know what to do with drayson... Night!! I guess I need to wake up at a nice time!

**12:59** | We at waffle shop now. We were going to go to oof de bouf et bacon but I guess they are selling the place. Lmao.

**15:29** | same emotions as before are showing up. Watch med changes and mood! (Try to. Lol)

---
[[2025|Yearly note]]