#Daily
>*The past is already gone, the future is not yet here. There's only one moment for you to live, the present.*
>***Think often, act well.***
### Events:

### Agenda:
1. Home
2. CenClear
3. Pouches
4. Walmart
5. *Hike*
6. Draysons 
### To-do:
###### Easy
- [x] Check school email
###### Focus
- [x] Get a wallet
	Chec cheap at aisle M4
- [x] CenClear lithium Rx
	About lithium Rx. Need a new script
- [x] Figure something out for Avas grad party ([[07-19, Sa '25]])
- [-] Shave face
- [-] Get d8 cart done
	Order tmrw
###### Other
- [x] Grab a few trash bags
- [x] Room clean!!!
	- [x] Floor
		- [x] Pick up clothes
		- [x] Throw away trash
		- [x] Split clean or dirty
		- [x] Fold clean
	- [x] Closet
		- [x] Gut it
		- [x] Throw trash away
		- [x] Delegate Junk to better spots
			Closet?
		- [x] Organize clothes in closet
		- [x] Everything else in
		- [x] Dirty laundry down
	- [x] Bed area
		- [x] Move blankets else where
		- [x] Same with pillows
		- [x] Clean alter
		- [x] Get rid of the piece of wood
	- [ ] Desk
		- [x] Gut it
		- [x] Dishes
		- [x] Throw trash away
		- [x] Delegate junk to better spots
	- [x] All dishes down to be cleaned!
	- [x] *This is the time to move your room around if you want still*
	- [x] Organize desk wires
	- [x] Sweep floor
	- [x] Finishing touches
### Misc':

### Journal:
**01:06** | Good morning!!!

**01:42** | Just took my meds. Heading to bed. I'm busy today, but I'm going to try to go and stay at [[Aspen - STCL|Drayson's]] tonight.

**01:45** | I really do enjoy Obsidian. And I especially love showing it other people. I just posted on the discord and the subreddit. So hopefully I get some responses. I was supposed to help Amy with Obsidian. But she hasn't called me since she said that.

**10:39** | Heading into town now to finish the stuff on my agenda. I probably am going to go to hike afterwards. I'm in that kind of mood. I also need to get gas.

---
[[2025|Yearly note]]