#Daily
>*The past is already gone, the future is not yet here. There's only one moment for you to live, the present.*
>***Think often, act well.***
### Events:
- baby sitting 
### Agenda:
1. Kid sit
2. Home
3. Kish
	Withdrawl all money ($530)
4. CVS
5. Food
6. *kish park*
	Any park
### To-do:
###### Easy
- [?] order from d8gas
###### Focus
- [x] build budget 
###### Other
### Misc':

### Journal:
**01:39** | Good morning so actually I just broke up with him a couple of hours ago... technically yesterday. Not a huge fan of how he replied. He called me cutie and said he saw this coming from the beginning. Which really put a damper on pretty much the entire relationship. Obviously he'd never thought it was as serious as I thought it did. Not really sure. 

Also this is going to be a longer entry because I'm trying to make up for all the time that I didn't do anything in this planner because of my mood. But a few days ago I want to get my car inspected it didn't pass because he said he didn't like my bumper. Which of all things I was super surprised about. 

Tomorrow (today) I'm going to call about seeing if Mrs kennington would be available to talk. Cuz I really need to talk to her about my hacc stuff. I've really been putting it off and frankly I can't keep doing that. Because something will be wrong, something will go amiss. Etc etc. so we'll see how that goes. 
	**08-05 '25** | Did not call kennington....

I'm about to get in the bath now. Have some fun

---
[[2025|Yearly note]]