>And as I sat there brooding on the old, unknown world, I thought of Gatsby’s wonder when he first picked out the green light at the end of Daisy’s dock. He had come a long way to this blue lawn and his dream must have seemed so close that he could hardly fail to grasp it. He did not know that it was already behind him, somewhere back in that vast obscurity beyond the city, where the dark fields of the republic rolled on under the night. 
>Gatsby believed in the green light, the orgastic future that year by year recedes before us. It eluded us then, but that’s no matter tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther…. And one fine morning So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.

---

And here I stand, among the fallen leaves of home. I am back to visit my parents after a long time alone. After hiding within myself, in my book. The sky is that same grey that muddled the skyline in New York. And the same rain that flooded that abhorrent night. I am here to pay my visit to my parents. Who have been endlessly writing and knocking on my door to visit. So I pull myself out and into this dreary world to be someone for them. Settling myself in front of that familiar door. My hands felt heavy to knock, slow and reluctant. *Why was I dreading this?* My knuckle touched the door and it flew open. I am flooded with words that haze and fog my mind. I stare blankly into them, their hearts leaping from their chest to me. *How can I stand there?* My body became a statue, unchanging. These are not the faces I want too see. But nonetheless I am here to do my part.

My mothers face was a crooked smile and tilted head. Perhaps trying to figure my thoughts. None but love and care. My father's face was less pleasant. His hand, incessantly rubbing his brow. Small movements cast big emotions, and reminds myself of my childhood. 